Brief Instructions for MegathrustRSInstallation of hmmvp:  
You may need to compile hmmvp (Hierarchical-Matrix Matrix-Vector Products) on your system. See readme.txt in hmmvp0.16 for instructions. The install generates a Matlab mex interface for the C++ routines. Overall workflow:1. setup_geometry_GFS.m:  This script defines the geometry of the fault, the number of elements, and builds the elastic Greenšs Functions (GFs) for stress interactions between elements.  It builds a heirarchical matrix approximation to the stress kernel matrix to speed up matrix-vector product calculations considerably.   Note: The outputs of these setup calculations are stored, so there is no need to run this again unless you want to change the fault geometry or the number of elements. 2. setup_simulation.m:  This script defines the spatial distribution of friction parameters on the fault, effective normal stress, and loading rate. All input parameters are specified at the top of the script in the INPUT SECTION. Lines below INPUT SECTION need not be modified.  It generates several plots of properties vs depth to help you visualize the settings.  Note that the model patch length (length of elements determined in the setup_geometry_GFs.m script) should be smaller than h* (h_star).  h* is the ęnucleation length scaleė and you need model elements to be smaller than the nucleation length scale.   3. run_simulation.m:   This script executes the simulation. This will take minutes to hours, depending on the conditions specified in setup_simulation.m.   Note that all outputs of the simulation are saved to file, so you can terminate the simulation at any time [control-c] and not lose any results. The ode solver outputs the completed time step (reported in model days) to screen. 4. load_and_plot_outputs.m:  This script loads simulation results and plots. Variables from setup_simulation.m are needed for this, so run that again if the variables are no longer in your workspace.5. run_external_stress_change.m:  This script can be used to impose an external stress change on the model interface. 